token          |     lexeme

keyword        |     function
identifier     |     add
separator      |     (
identifier     |     x
keyword        |     integer
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     y
keyword        |     integer
separator      |     )
separator      |     {
keyword        |     return
identifier     |     x
operator       |     +
identifier     |     y
separator      |     ;
separator      |     }
separator      |     #
keyword        |     integer
identifier     |     result
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     result
operator       |     =
identifier     |     add
separator      |     (
integer        |     5
separator      |     ,
integer        |     3
separator      |     )
separator      |     ;
keyword        |     put
separator      |     (
identifier     |     result
separator      |     )
separator      |     ;
separator      |     #
