token          |     lexeme

keyword        |     function
identifier     |     add
separator      |     (
identifier     |     a
keyword        |     integer
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     b
keyword        |     integer
separator      |     )
separator      |     {
keyword        |     return
identifier     |     a
operator       |     +
identifier     |     b
separator      |     ;
separator      |     }
keyword        |     function
identifier     |     multiply
separator      |     (
identifier     |     x
keyword        |     real
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     y
keyword        |     real
separator      |     )
separator      |     {
keyword        |     return
identifier     |     x
operator       |     *
identifier     |     y
separator      |     ;
separator      |     }
separator      |     #
keyword        |     integer
identifier     |     num1
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     num2
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     sum
separator      |     ;
keyword        |     INtegER
keyword        |     real
identifier     |     value1
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     value2
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     product
separator      |     ;
keyword        |     boolean
identifier     |     keepRunning
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     keepRunning
operator       |     =
keyword        |     true
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     num1
operator       |     =
integer        |     10
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     num2
operator       |     =
integer        |     5
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     sum
operator       |     =
identifier     |     add
separator      |     (
identifier     |     num1
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     num2
separator      |     )
separator      |     ;
keyword        |     put
separator      |     (
identifier     |     sum
separator      |     )
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     value1
operator       |     =
real           |     3.14
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     value2
operator       |     =
real           |     2.0
separator      |     ;
identifier     |     product
operator       |     =
identifier     |     multiply
separator      |     (
identifier     |     value1
separator      |     ,
identifier     |     value2
separator      |     )
separator      |     ;
separator      |     #
